README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: add scan vulnerabilities functionality

README.md, after:

# Package Vulnerabilities Scanner

## Overview

Package Vulnerabilities Scanner is a tool designed to help developers identify vulnerabilities in their project's dependencies.

## Dependencies

## ShadCN

This project uses ShadCN as the UI component library. Components are accessible (ARIA-compliant) and optimized for styling with Tailwind CSS. Instead of being an npm package, ShadCN generates local components, making them easier to extend and modify without extra dependencies.

### next

Next is the backbone of this project, providing the structure and performance optimizations needed for a modern web application.

I chose to use React due to my familiarity with this framework instead of Vue.js, which I had brief contact with years ago.

### zod

Zod is a TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation library. It is used to validate the structure of the `package.json` file and other data structures, ensuring that the data conforms to the expected format.

### @eslint/eslintrc, eslint, eslint-config-next

These libraries are used for linting the codebase, ensuring that the code adheres to best practices and coding standards. `eslint-config-next` provides a set of ESLint rules specifically for Next.js projects.

### tailwindcss

Tailwind CSS is a utility-first CSS framework. This tool is used to process and manage the project's styles, providing a highly customizable and efficient styling solution.

### typescript

TypeScript is a strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript. It provides static type checking, which helps catch errors early in the development process and improves code quality.
